[Demo] Add last changes to visual-vocabulary before publishing (#693)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/examples/_visual-vocabulary/README.md

> # Vizro - Visual vocabulary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Vizro visual vocabulary
```

### Welcome to our visual vocabulary dashboard! 🎨

> This dashboard serves as a comprehensive guide for selecting and creating various types of charts. It provides guidance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dashboard serves as a comprehensive guide for selecting and creating various types of charts. It helps you decide
```

on when to use each chart type, along with sample Python code using [Plotly](https://plotly.com/python/), and
instructions for embedding these charts into a [Vizro](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro) dashboard.

The charts in this dashboard are designed to make it easy for anyone to create beautiful and sophisticated visuals.

Our goal is to help you understand best practices in data visualization, ensure your charts effectively communicate
your message, and streamline the creation of high-quality, interactive visualizations.

Created by:

- [Huong Li Nguyen](https://github.com/huong-li-nguyen) and [Antony Milne](https://github.com/antonymilne)

- Images created by QuantumBlack

Inspired by:

- [The FT Visual Vocabulary](https://github.com/Financial-Times/chart-doctor/blob/main/visual-vocabulary/README.md):

>   Alan Smith, Chris Campbell, Ian Bott, Liz Faunce, Graham Parrish, Billy Ehrenberg, Paul McCallum,Martin Stabe.

Author: Hmm.. good question. Only one person has contributed to the actual github repository. The above I've taken from their official poster: https://github.com/Financial-Times/chart-doctor/blob/main/visual-vocabulary/README.md

>   Alan Smith, Chris Campbell, Ian Bott, Liz Faunce, Graham Parrish, Billy Ehrenberg, Paul McCallum,Martin Stabe.

Author: I added the Github profiles, where I could find it: https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/693/commits/8d68355aae6a2afa2de71f0f818b33618859e669
